[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, gau, gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, gau, gau ♪
♪ When it rains, gau, gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, gau, gau ♪
♪ You and I go gau, gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, gau, gau! ♪
MOLE LIFE
[humming]
[gasps]
[roaring]
Pick up after your dog, you owners!
-[sneezes]
-[clicks]
[laughs]
I got a shot of Naoko's funny face.
Even her funny face is so cute.
-I'm going to post this online.
-[beeps]
You're horrible... horrible!
[roars]
[Bibilian, screaming]
Ugh!
Oh, wait!
There is no waiting
in chess and life, ribbit. Hm?
[anguishing]
Mrs. Mole, you're an animator, right?
-Is it busy at work?
-Very much.
The animation industry is so understaffed.
We can use any help we can get.
[Naoko] I'm home!
-[Mom] Welcome home.
-Thank you for having us over.
Hi, Mr. and Mrs. Mole.
Naoko, would you like some takoyaki too?
Yay!
Oh, Leonard was looking for you.
Hm? He was?
Leonard. Leonard!
It's Naoko!
[grunts] Hi, Big Sis Naoko!
-[chuckles] What is it?
-Can you come to my room?
Sure.
[grunts]
Here we go!
Wow!
So this is what your house looks like.
This way.
Oh, wait up!
Look at this, Naoko!
Wow! What is that?
It's an ammonite fossil.
I travel through the earth,
so sometimes I find treasures like this.
-That's amazing!
-Right?
Do you go to school
through the ground, too?
Yup.
Can I go with you to school tomorrow?
Huh? Through the dirt?
Yeah, it seems like fun.
Yay! I get to go to school
with Big Sis Naoko!
[indistinct students chatter]
Morning!
Good morning!
Mogu, mogu.
-[grunts]
-[gasps]
-Naoko?
Morning!
-[spaceship beeps]
-Life is sunny with occasional clouds
and strong winds in some areas.
Letting yourself be carried away
by the wind is advisable.
[Naoko exhales]
A mole's life is so stress-free!
I'm going to take
the underground route from now on.
A few days later...
Naoko, the school counselor
Ms. Yulia wants to see you.
Huh? What could it be?
I haven't turned into Gauko lately,
so I haven't broken anything either...
-[doorbell ringing]
-[Naoko] Ms. Yulia, did I do something?
The other day, I asked you to write
about what your future goal is.
You wrote "Mole" on it,
so as the school counselor,
I got a little worried.
Is that weird?
Not exactly, but...
you know how you turn into Gauko
when you get mad?
For you to wish to become a mole...
a dinosaur to want to be a mole is...
quite a mix of characteristics.
It's way too complicated.
But aren't you
a school counselor and a fairy?
A school counselor is a profession.
Being a mole is not a profession, is it?
It's not like
I want to become a real mole.
Oh, then that's good.
I just thought it'd be nice
to live like one.
You know how you can step on dog poop
or have aliens post bad photos of you
online all the time?
I wouldn't say all the time...
I realized all those bad things
that happen aboveground
-don't happen at all underground.
-[magical clinking]
I won't get mad,
so I won't turn into Gauko,
which means I won't be depressed.
I just thought a mole's life isn't so bad.
So please, don't worry about me so much.
Well, if you say so...
Leonard?
Did he go home without me?
Maybe I can get home by myself.
I've gone back and forth enough times.
Yeah, I can do it!
[grunts]
Uh!
Which way was it?
I think it was this way!
Er... This way?
No, it was that way.
Life is a blizzard.
There will be times
when you won't know which way to go.
[screaming] What?
Um, was it this way? That way?
No, this way!
[crying] I'm lost.
I have no idea where I am.
What am I going to do?
[tummy growls]
-[Leonard] Big Sis!
-[gasps]
[Leonard] Big Sis!
It's coming from this way.
In that case... [yelps]
[grunting]
[shouts] Leonard!
Big Sis!
-Leonard!
-Big Sis!
Leonard!
Big Sis!
-[grunts]
-Big Sis?
-Leonard!
-Big Sis!
[scoffs]
[chuckles]
I get lost all the time.
But when I do, I just dig hard
and make my own path.
Make your own path?
As long as I keep digging,
I'll eventually get out,
and the path that I make
might help someone else who gets lost.
So no matter how difficult it may be,
just keep moving forward.
Wow.
At least that's what my dad says.
I made it sound like I came up with it.
[laughs]
Oh, Big Sis, look!
Wow, it's so pretty! You can't see that
if you're underground.
Yeah.
[Bell chiming a melody]
[indistinct chatter]
-Ms. Watanabe!
-Ms. Yulia?
I did a bit of research
after our last talk.
-Take a look at this.
-Huh?
[Yulia] It seems that there were dinosaurs
that used to dig holes as nests.
So as a school counselor,
it may have been wrong of me
to deny your desire
to spend time underground.
It's perfectly fine if you wish to become
a mole in the future.
Let's think of a way to make that happen.
-No, thank you.
-What?
When you dig,
you get dirt under your nails.
-It's such a hassle.
-I see.
[Naoko] I've decided to make my own path.
That's great.
Naoko?
Where are you?
Naoko!
♪ Gau, gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, gau, gau ♪